https://github.com/viraptor/reverse-interview/blob/master/README.md
The Company
Why is the company hiring? (product growth / new product / fluctuation / ...)
Is there a conference/travel budget and what are the rules to use it?
What's the promotion process? How are requirements / expectations communicated?
What is the performance review process like?
Is there a separate tech and management career path?
Are there any company-wide resources for learning available, like ebooks subscriptions, or online courses?
Is there a budget for getting certifications?
What's the maturity stage? (early finding direction / feature work / maintenance / ...)
Can I contribute to FOSS projects? Are there any approvals needed?
Are there any non-compete or non-disclosure agreements I'll be asked to sign?
Where do you see the company in the next 5/10 years?
What does clean code mean to the majority of developers here?
When is the last time you noticed someone growing here, and in what way were they growing?
What does it mean to be successful here, and how do you measure success?
Is there a Sports / Team building Activity?
Are there any Hackathons conducted internally?
Does the company support open-source projects?
Social issues
What's the status of / view on diverse hiring?
What do you think are the gaps in the company culture? (and what is the company culture?)
What does work-life balance mean here?
Does the company have a stance regarding climate change?
Conflict
How are differences of opinions resolved?
What happens after pushback? ("this can't be done in the projected time")
What happens when the team is under pressure and commits to work over their capacity / velocity?
If someone identifies areas of improvement in process / technology / etc, what happens?
When there is a gap between expectations from management and performance of an engineer or team, what happens?
Could you tell me a story about a toxic situation and how the company dealt with it?
The Business
Are you profitable?
If not, how long is your runway?
Where does the funding come from and who influences the high level plan/direction?
How do you make money?
What's preventing you from making more money?
What is the company's growth plan for the next 1 year? 5 years?
What are the big challenges you see coming up?
What have you identified as your competitive advantage?
Remote Work
What's the ratio of remote to office workers?
Does the company provide hardware and what's the refresh schedule?
How do you feel about BYOD? Are there any policies around it already?
Are extra accessories/furniture possible to buy through the company? Is there a budget for them?
Is there a budget for co-working space or internet access?
How often are office visits expected?
Are the office meeting rooms always prepared for video conferences?
Building Layout
What's the office layout? (open plan / cubicles / offices)
Is there a support / marketing / other call-heavy team close to my new team?
Catch all
What's the best and what's the worst aspect of working in this role / team / company?
What got you to choose to work for the company initially?
What keeps you at the company?
Compensation
If you have a bonus scheme, then how are bonuses determined?
If you have a bonus scheme, then what have been the typical bonus percentages over the past few years?
Do you have a 401k or other retirement plan? If so, does the company match additional plan contributions?
Are there medical benefits and if so, when do they start?
Do you pay for relocation?
Time Off
How much Paid Time Off (PTO) is offered?
Are sick time and vacation time separate or do they come from the same pool?
Can I use vacation time before it's accrued, effectively going into a negative PTO balance?
What is the roll over policy is there for PTO?
What is the parental leave policy?
What is the policy on unpaid leave?
What is the policy for sabbatical leave?
Other resources
Find more inspiration for questions in:
The Joel Test: 12 Steps to Better Code by Joel Spolsky
Questions I'm asking in interviews by Julia Evans