Behavioral: Do not underestimate this one, as for example
1.Google introduced it recently since they understood the
importance of such interview. Prepare some answers to
questions like Tell me one time where you disagree with
your colleagues or Tell me one time that you went outside
 your normal boundaries to complete some tasks.

2.Amazon requires a special preparation, as you need to go through all
    their principles and associate 1 or 2 stories to each of the principle.

3.My suggestion here is be real, try to come up with
  real scenarios from your experience, which may very
  well be stuff from university. Do not try to fool
  the interviewer with cool answers, these guys have
  been doing interviews for many years and they most
  likely know how to spot a fake answer.


  Example questions can be found every where. After preparing 10+ questions, I got the idea that some questions are similar. And if there is a question type I have never met, preparation still gives me insight on how to approach it.
  I repeated my answer to a behavior question 10+ times when I was doing mock interview with my wife. I moved on to next question after I was satisfied with my current answer. She took notes for me to review later.
  Interviewers also takes notes. So you want to highlight some key words of your core strength from both tech and non-tech side.
  Team player: I have experience in knowledge sharing/collaboration/how to deal with disagreements/how to align priorities.
  Individual contributor: how I learn things fast/ how I crack problems/how I multi-task
  Being considerate and think over all aspects of things.
  I guess 4-6 are my core strenghts, so I prepared examples to "share" with my interviewer when a related question is asked. I am sure every one has different type of core strengths. Just think as you were the employer, what key shining points this candidate has which could benefit your company as well as differentiate him/her from others.
  Prepare 15+ behavior questions, and try to show all your main shining points in the answers.
  Answers should be in a logical way. It's still a conversation and you should not redirect answer too far from the question.
  What "negative points" did you experience in past and how did you overcome/learn thru it? Briefly explain a "minor negative point" and focus more on how you overcome it and what are the positive results after that.
  Hypothetical behavior question can also be asked. If you are in XXX situation, what are your planned actions. AMZN focused on their leadership principle related questions.
  There are no pefect answers to behavior questions. These are open questions and answers shall serve the purpose to show why you are a good candidate.
  Some thing might look easy for you and you didn't realize it's your strength. Preparing behavior questions is also an opportunity for you to review yourself and find out your own core strengths.
  STAR method: Situation - Task - Action - Results